README.md, before:

# NemoS - Text Editor For Linux:

NemoS - Is a simple Terminal Text Editor that is based on Nano.

# Install to your system:
**Note: You need to be the root user.**

sudo bash install.sh 

# Running the Application:
nemos - Will create a untitlied.txt file.
nemos txt.txt - Will use the file or create a new one if txt.txt does not exist.


# Instuctions:

 Arrow Keys: Navigate
 
 Enter: Insert new line
 
 Backspace: Delete character
 
 Ctrl+S: Save file
 
 Ctrl+R: Rename file
 
 Ctrl+C: Copy text
 
 Ctrl+V: Paste text
 
 Ctrl+Z: Undo changes
 
 Ctrl+Y: Redo changes
 
 Ctrl+F: Find text
 
 Ctrl+K: Replace text
 
 Ctrl+D: Show date
 
 Ctrl+T: Show time
 
 Ctrl+P: Print document
 
 Ctrl+X: Exit editor

 
 
# Screenshots:

![Screenshot From 2025-02-15 17-47-56](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/436f149a-1662-4110-820a-a4ed38982692)


![Screenshot From 2025-02-15 17-48-07](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/90a8d587-5ab9-412f-acc4-05087c80b3b8)


![Screenshot From 2025-02-15 17-48-17](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b5d65fba-9150-4d71-8b5a-785fc62711cb)


# Compile the code:

g++ main.cpp -o nemos -lncurses

# Download the latest stable version:

https://github.com/ToothedTomb/NemoS/releases/tag/3.6.0

# Download the latest unstable version:

https://github.com/ToothedTomb/NemoS/releases/tag/4.0.0-Beta

# Credits:
Jonathan Steadmman

# Thanks for reading.

Commit message:

Now it shows how to make the install script runable on Linux!

README.md, after:

# NemoS - Text Editor For Linux:

NemoS - Is a simple Terminal Text Editor that is based on Nano.

# Install to your system:
**Note: You need to be the root user.**
Firstly you need to make it runable, do this command to do so: "chmod +x ./install.sh"
Now you can install the software, by running this command: "sudo bash install.sh" 

# Running the Application:
nemos - Will create a untitlied.txt file.
nemos txt.txt - Will use the file or create a new one if txt.txt does not exist.


# Instuctions:

 Arrow Keys: Navigate
 
 Enter: Insert new line
 
 Backspace: Delete character
 
 Ctrl+S: Save file
 
 Ctrl+R: Rename file
 
 Ctrl+C: Copy text
 
 Ctrl+V: Paste text
 
 Ctrl+Z: Undo changes
 
 Ctrl+Y: Redo changes
 
 Ctrl+F: Find text
 
 Ctrl+K: Replace text
 
 Ctrl+D: Show date
 
 Ctrl+T: Show time
 
 Ctrl+P: Print document
 
 Ctrl+X: Exit editor

 
 
# Screenshots:

![Screenshot From 2025-02-15 17-47-56](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/436f149a-1662-4110-820a-a4ed38982692)


![Screenshot From 2025-02-15 17-48-07](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/90a8d587-5ab9-412f-acc4-05087c80b3b8)


![Screenshot From 2025-02-15 17-48-17](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b5d65fba-9150-4d71-8b5a-785fc62711cb)


# Compile the code:

g++ main.cpp -o nemos -lncurses


# Download the latest stable version:

https://github.com/ToothedTomb/NemoS/releases/tag/3.6.0

# Download the latest unstable version:

https://github.com/ToothedTomb/NemoS/releases/tag/4.0.0-Beta

# Credits:
Jonathan Steadmman

# Thanks for reading.
